W-21061099-newALERTdiaf-dm (#3256)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/mule-troubleshooting-plugin.adoc

| Event dispatched after flow stop
| If a source dispatches an event after the flow stops, the graceful shutdown period extends unnecessarily. The context shows the connector that owns the flow's source, and a thread dump helps you identify why the source doesn't finish stopping.

| OTel export queue full

> | If OpenTelemetry export queues fill up, the runtime either drops the exceeding resources (spans or log records) or blocks the thread that tries to add them to the export queue until space becomes available. Dropping spans or log records results in missing data at the export destination, while blocking threads can cause performance issues in the Mule runtime. The context shows the signaled resources and the action taken either block until space becomes available or drop the resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If OpenTelemetry export queues fill up, Mule runtime either drops the exceeding spans and logs or blocks the thread that tries to add them to the export queue until space is available. Dropping these resources results in missing data, while blocking threads can cause performance issues. System logs specify which spans or logs were affected and whether they were dropped or blocked.
```

Reviewer: That's just a suggestion you can take or leave. I think it's okay as written except for the last sentence. I had to reread the last sentence a few times to try to figure out what it was saying, so at the very least, I'd try to clarify the last sentence.

> | If OpenTelemetry export queues fill up, the runtime either drops the exceeding resources (spans or log records) or waits for the thread that tries to add them to the export queue until space becomes available. Dropping spans or log records results in missing data at the export destination, while waiting for the threads can cause performance issues in the Mule runtime. The context shows the signaled resources and the action taken either block until space becomes available or drop the resources.

Author: ```suggestion
| If OpenTelemetry export queues fill up, the runtime either drops the exceeding resources (spans or log records) or blocks the thread that tries to add them to the export queue until space becomes available. Dropping spans or log records results in missing data at the export destination, while blocking threads can cause performance issues in the Mule runtime. The context shows the signaled resources and the action taken either block until space becomes available or drop the resources.
```
